Document partial migration of logtoSharedDestination (#1328)
nasa/cumulus: docs/additional-deployment-options/configure_cloudwatch_logs_delivery.md

# Configure API Gateway CloudWatch Logs Delivery

> It is possible to deliver CloudWatch API execution and access logs to a cross-account shared AWS::Logs::Destination. An operator does this by setting the `log_destination_arn` variable whose value is the ARN of a writable log destination to the variables passed to the `cumulus` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to deliver CloudWatch API execution and access logs to a cross-account shared AWS::Logs::Destination. An operator does this by configuring the `cumulus` module for [your deployment](../deployment/README.md#configure-and-deploy-the-cumulus-tf-root-module) as shown below. The value of the `log_destination_arn` variable is the ARN of a writable log destination.
```

> ```yaml

Reviewer: This block is `hcl` now, not `yaml`

log_api_gateway_to_cloudwatch = true

> log_destination_arn           = arn:aws:logDestination

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be a sample ARN? If so I think the example in the previous version was somewhat clearer

Author: According to the doc it can be either a log destination OR a kinesis stream, so I think the previous example is too specific (current one is too, though). I'll try and make it better.
